# 2020-12-10 meeting

## Attendees

- TBD

## Meeting details

### Announcements

- The next Docs clinic will be held December 17 and will be led by Derek.
- Normally the next Docs working group meeting would be December 24, but it will
  be canceled this day because of the holidays. Therefore, the next working
  group will be December 10. The December 31 Docs clinic will also be canceled.
- The next Docs working group will be held January 2, 2021.

### Converting the Salt training manual

- Follow up on some action items:
  - **File availability** - The current file is a Google Doc that needs to have
    some work done on it before it can be made accessible to people working on
    the project. Alyssa found out from Alan that he already has a modular
    version of this document we can use. He's also planning to make some
    improvements to this document in December.
  - **Repo creation** - Status update on the new repo from Sage and Derek.
- Future action items:
  - **Conversion task project management** - We'll manage the project on a
    GitHub project board in the new repo. We'll carve up the Google Doc into
    actionable tickets and add them to the project.
  - **Project contribution guides and community rollout** - We'll eventually
    create a guide about how to contribute to the project. When we're closer to
    the point that we're ready to invite the community to help, we'll need to
    work out a plan to roll out the project to the community and get
    participation. We'll likely begin with soft start in a docs clinic and then
    have an official rollout in a community docs jam.

### Next docs working group meeting: January 2, 2021

Future:
- We created this issue about adding
  [Add rstcheck to pre-commit](https://github.com/saltstack/salt/issues/58668)
  that would be good to discuss
