# 2020-08-20 Meeting

## Attendees

* TBD

## Meeting Details

### Dates of Note

- The first docs clinic will be held September 30.
- The full day documentation jam will be held October 7 from 8-5 MDT.
- The next Docs working group meeting is September 3.

### First documentation clinic

- Follow up on action items from previous meeting:
  - Cassandra and Wayne will work with Derek on the logistics of Twitch and
    YouTube for the docs clinics.
  - Derek will run a dry run of the first docs testing clinic with internal
    SaltStack employees to figure out how long the process might take.
  - Sage will create the rough draft for the case study issue template.
- Working out logistics for the internal docs clinic run-through.

### Revisiting the contribution guides

- We currently have multiple contributor guides, which is less than ideal.
- If we want to participate in Hacktoberfest, we might want to consolidate down
  to a single guide, which is required for participation.
- Logistics of how to consolidate the guides?
- While we're discussing this topic, Derek and Alyssa identified four different
  user stories for how a Salt contributor might contribute to the docs. We
  wanted to 1) validate these four user stories, and 2) idenfity what barriers
  to contribution exist for each user story

### Docs jam planning

- We need to:
  - Identify a list of good first-time issues for new contributors.
  - Identify a list of modules we would love to get use-cases for.
- Follow up on action items from previous meeting:
  - Cassandra will investigate what swag packages we'll give to docs jam
    participants.
  - Alyssa will continue fleshing out the rough draft for the docs jam
    participants guide. She'll refer to the port jam guide and incorporate good
    elements from that guide into this one.

### Next docs working group meeting: September 3

- Future discussion items TBD
