# 2020-11-12 meeting

## Attendees

- TBD

## Meeting details

### Announcements

- The next Docs clinic will be held November 19 and will be led by Alyssa.
- Normally the next Docs working group meeting would be November 26, but it will
  be canceled this day because of the U.S. Thanksgiving. Therefore, the next
  working group will be December 10.

### Quick report on SaltConf

- The Docs breakout session was led by Derek, had about 30 attendees, and
  included attendees from the U.S., Canada, the Netherlands, Sweden, Spain,
  and the Phillipines.
- We announced our working group project to make Alan Cugler's Salt training
  manual available to the larger community, making them the new core Salt docs.

### Converting the Salt training manual

- Logistical challenges and potential action items:
  - **File availability** - The current file is a Google Doc that needs to have
    some work done on it before it can be made accessible to people working on
    the project.
  - **Repo creation** - We intend to create a new repo that is no longer inside
    the core Salt repo, correct? If so, we need to talk through the tasks
    related to creating this new repo.
  - **Conversion task project management** - How should contributors claim a
    topic to convert to rST and show their current status on the conversion?
    Should we build out a GitHub project board or do something like a
    spreadsheet?
  - **Project contribution guides and community rollout** - After we've ramped
    up to the point where we're ready for the community to contribute, how will
    we roll it out to the community? What guidance will we provide for how to
    contribute to the project?
- Possible barriers to completion in this release cycle:
  - Not enough working group meetings
  - Upcoming holidays
  - Others?

### Next Docs clinic

- Help Alyssa pick the best way to spend her time in the next docs clinic.
  Should she work on:
  - Promoting and working on the current working group conversion project? (Too
    premature?)
  - Consolidating the contributing guides?
  - Improving the proxy minion docs?

### Next docs working group meeting: December 10

Future:
- We created this issue about adding
  [Add rstcheck to pre-commit](https://github.com/saltstack/salt/issues/58668)
  that would be good to discuss
