# 2020-09-17 meeting

## Attendees

* TBD

## Meeting details

### Dates of note

- The first docs clinic will be held September 30.
- The full day documentation jam will be held October 7 from 8-5 MDT.
- The next Docs working group meeting is October 1.

### Collaboration with SaltStack training

- Follow up on action items:
  - Sage will initiate a conversation with SaltStack's training specialist
    Adam Cannon to talk about how the Open Docs working group can collaborate
    with training to potentially provide public access to some of the high
    quality materials we have for learning about Salt.

### First documentation clinic

- Follow up on action items:
  - Derek will schedule a dry run of the first docs testing clinic for next week
    or the following with Cassandra, Sage, Alyssa, and potentially others.
    SaltStack employees to figure out how long the process might take.

### Docs jam planning

- The pieces that we need to have in place for the docs jam:
  - First documentation clinic how-to video and supporting guides
  - Docs jam agenda (already complete)
  - Schedule for the docs jam Zoom room hosts
- Follow up on action items:
  - Cassandra will ensure the docs jam is scheduled
  - Cassandra will develop the Zoom room host schedule closer to the doc jam
    date
  - Alyssa will ask Erin McKean from the Google open source advocacy division to
    see if she'd be interested in speaking about the value of docs for open
    source.

### Duplicating tickets to docs-hub using the Github API script

- Follow up on action items:
  - Sage will create a first draft of a list of requirements for us to review
    in the next working group meeting.

### Salt Glossary and The Glossarist

- Alyssa is exploring the idea of creating a Salt Glossary using the open source
  tool The Glossarist. It can output into JSON format among other formats.

### Next docs working group meeting: October 1
