# 2020-01-07 Meeting

## Attendees

- TBD

## Meeting Details

### Announcements

- The next community docs jam will be held all day Wednesday, February 10. The
  docs jam will be spent converting the Salt User Guide from a Google Doc into
  .rst.
- The next Docs clinic will be held January 28 and will be led by Derek.
- The next Docs working group will be held February 4, 2021.


### Community Doc Jam preparations

- Progress reports:
  - Derek and Alyssa have been setting up the new repo and populating it with
    content.
  - We've also been coordinating technical reviews of the source content.
  - Derek and Alyssa tried converting one chapter to .rst and noted problems or
    things we need to tell doc jam contributors.
- Proposed timeline:
  - **Week starting with Jan. 25:**
    - Reviews of the source content should be complete and Alan will incorporate
      any insights from the review into the guide.
    - Coordinate with Sage and Janae to begin publicity for the community docs
      jam.
  - **Week starting with Feb. 1:**
    - Alan is field testing the Salt Study Guide in a training class one more
      time.
    - Derek or Alyssa will ensure a copy of the Google Docs have public access.
    - Derek or Alyssa will coordinate to build out the tickets for the docs jam
      and all of the supporting participation documents (style guide,
      contributing to the docs guide).
  - **Week starting with Feb. 8:**
    - Make sure everything is ready for the docs jam!
  -     Alan's source document is currently broken up into several small chapters
    with each comprising one Google Doc. In the previous Docs working group, we
    had decided to break up the conversion task by section (i.e. 1 section = 1
    ticket). Alan instead recommends breaking it up by chapter (i.e. 1 chapter
    = 1 ticket). We adopted this suggestion.
- Action items:
  - TBD
- A question about how we approach Salt docs: **why do we keep different versions of our docs?** It seems like our docsets include features that makes it so we shouldn't be hosting multiple versions, because:
  - We currently use special rst notes to show when something is deprecated, being deprecated, being introduced, etc. and in what version. This means that if someone is looking at the docs, at a specific module, they will see what version something was introduced in. This seems like a better UX, because then people are both seeing what is supported in their current version, and what they will gain if using a newer version.
  - A lot of documentation is completely useless in older versions when updates happen to them: installation guides, contributing/developer guides, etc. Only the latest matters, regardless of salt version.
  - A lot of times, we are fixing incorrect documentation, or missing documentation, that impacts several versions of salt, such as minion and master configuration values that have been undocumented but are finally being documented. It isn't because it is a new option in the latest Salt, it has always been an option.
  - Much of the documentation that exists per version is an exact duplicate of the last version.
  - With all of this said, I'm wondering what thoughts there are here around maintaining multiple versions. We would gain quite a bit by not having them:
  - Simplified build pipelines.
  - Able to drop maintaining Google custom search engine configurations, and also probably have an easier time enabling a new search system.
  - In cases where it isn't documented that a feature was added/removed in a newer version of Salt, issues would be open to improve the documentation.
  - Users will see what they are missing out on, and what features are slated for deprecation, whenever they look at the docs for features they use. If they only look at this information in their pinned, older version of Salt, they miss out on these things they may catch before migrating.
  - User would always be looking at the latest, appropriate documentation in the install docs, developer/contrib guide docs, etc. Really any docs that exist outside of the pymodule docstrings that are about Salt in general, and the Salt project, which don't merely stay pinned to a version of Salt.

### Next docs working group meeting: February 4, 2021

Future:
- Where should the Twitch guide and other internal-ish documentation go?
